[docs] VACMS-11966: facility runbook enhancements (#12860)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/runbook-vet-center-name-change.md

Facility link: <insert_facility_link>

## Acceptance criteria

## Vet Center facility name change

#### CMS help desk steps
- [ ] 1. The title (Name of Vet Center field) change comes from Lighthouse to Drupal
- [ ] 2. If the Vet Center published: CMS team submits [redirect request](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Redirect+request&template=redirect-request-facility-url.md&title=Redirect+Request+for%3A+%3Cinsert+facility+name%3E), cc'ing Facilities team

<insert_redirect_request_link>

- [ ] 3. If the Vet Center is not published or once the redirect request has gone live alert CMS engineers to continue steps below

#### CMS engineer steps
- [ ] 4. CMS engineer renames the section for this Vet Center to match its new name (Section taxonomy change)
- [ ] 5. CMS engineer: If the new official name matches the pattern "<city> Vet Center", update the common name to match
- [ ] 6. CMS engineer visits bulk operations page and filter by section = vet center name
- [ ] 7. CMS engineer updates URLs for all content in that section by bulk operations
- [ ] 8. CMS engineer resaves all content in that section by bulk operations

> - [ ] 9. CMS engineer edits Vet Center node and removes flag `Changed name` then saves node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 9. CMS engineer edits the Vet Center node by removing flag `Changed name`, and saves the node
```
